hello thank you for being in a new video
of this channel is already game Friday and
if you do not want to miss a single one
make sure you subscribe to the channel on
today we will see a simple game
that will remind us a little
childhood some is a game with a
very geek style in these times and it's
that this is the typical game of
races that we played in tetris or in
some other console mini console more
well said videogame of the very
old the dynamics of the game is
exactly the same as it was in that
then you have a cart that is
formed by a few pixels and at
start the game the speed goes very
extremely slow is slow until
you start to bore a bit at the beginning
throughout the race you have to
carry other carts that will go
running and blocks that are there
clogging t so you have to go
controlling the car simply to
left or right as it goes by
the time the game starts to go a little
faster and it's obviously more
difficult to control and ski
to the objects the game interface
try to imitate tetris a little or this
kind of consoles very old and the
truth is very well achieved what is
miss in this game is the sound
since it does not have any kind of sound
more than the typical sound that you already have
device at the push of a button
that same sound will sound when
press the left buttons or
right finally when you lose the
game and you crash with either a cart or
with a block the screen starts to
get black in terms of pixels and
achieves an effect very similar to what
it was in tetris after losing you
request to log in to score loop if
is that you want to upload your bookmark and
compare it with the rest of the world with
your friends here is another mistake because
now that is google play game it would be
much much better that they will implement this
bookmark mode since it is
graphically more friendly and it is also
Easier to add to your friends but
well that was all for this Friday
of game they put the comments that you
liked and that you did not like this game and
see you next
here
ah